---
layout: post
title: "Week 4"
date: 2016-09-18
---

# Status Report for Week 4

This week we focused on completing Case Study work and beginning our SRS draft.

## What We Did

At the beginning of the week, we finalized the Vision & Scope document. Then we completed Part 3.1 of the Case Study (Use Case Diagram & Description) and began work on our Software Requirements Specification (SRS) draft. We also started investigating competing apps to see how they differ from our proposed system as a way to validate that our requirements are thorough.

### Meetings

9-14-2016:

- Reflected on What Went Right / Wrong During Sponsor Meeting
- Reviewed Final Vision & Scope Document
- Discussed Need for Market Research
- Assigned Sections of SRS

Attendance:

- Bill (40 min)
- Colton (40 min)
- Steven (40 min)

---

Meeting Agendas & Summaries

- Bill (5 min) (9-13-2016)
- Bill (10 min) (9-14-2016)

### Project

Vision and Scope Document

- Bill (120 min) (9-12-2016)
- Bill (90 min) (9-13-2016)

Project Plan and Schedule

- Steven (30 min) (9/12/2016)
- Colton (10 min) (9/13/2016)

Finish Blog Post & Publish It

- Greg (60 min) (9-18-2016)
- Bill (10 min) (9-18-2016)

### Case Study

Use Case Diagram and Description

- Bill (65 min) (9-18-2016)

## What We Will Do

### Project

- Draft SRS (Everyone) (Est. 720 min) (180 min for each person)
- Collect Feedback on SRS (Everyone) (Est. 180 min) (45 min for each person)

### Case Study

- Part 3.2: UML Class Analysis Model, Interaction Diagram, and Analysis Reflection (No Est. Yet)

## Challenges and Issues

We are still running into some minor scheduling issues, caused by the timezone difference with our sponsor and our tight schedules.
