---
layout: post
title: "Week 3"
date: 2016-09-11
---

# Status Report for Week 3

This week we focused on solidifying our project idea and completing the Vision and Scope Document.

## What We Did

We first met with our sponsor to ask questions about the project idea we were given. Then we met to plan our execution of the Vision and Scope document, and finally to revise and review it with our sponsor.

### Meetings

9-5-2016:

- Interviewed Sponsor to Clarify Project Ideas and Goals (60 min)

Attendance:

- Bill (60 min)
- Colton (60 min)
- Greg (60 min)
- Steven (60 min)

9-7-2016:

- Monday Interview Postmortem (10 min)
- Discussed Team Work Flow and Individual Responsibilities (25 min)
- Assigned Sections of Vision and Scope Document (10 min)

Attendance:

- Bill (45 min)
- Colton (45 min)
- Greg (45 min)
- Steven (45 min)

9-11-2016:

- Completed Case Study Vision and Scope Exercise (60 min)
- Reviewed Vision and Scope Document with Sponsors to Gather Feedback (60 min)

Attendance:

- Bill (120 min)
- Colton (120 min)
- Steven (120 min)
- Greg (60 min)

---

Meeting Agendas & Summaries

- Bill (10 min) (9-7-2016)
- Bill (20 min) (9-11-2016)

### Project

Vision and Scope Document

- Bill (90 min) (9-11-2016)
- Colton (90 min) (9-11-2016)
- Steven (120 min) (9-11-2016)
- Greg (60 min) (9-11-2016)

Finish Blog Post & Publish It

- Greg (60 min) (9-11-2016)
- Bill (30 min) (9-11-2016)

## What We Will Do

### Project

- Planning Out Drafting the SRS (Everyone) (Est. 720 min) (180 min for each person)

### Case Study

- Part 3: Use Case Modeling, Use Case Analysis (No Est. Yet)

## Challenges and Issues

We are still running into some scheduling issues, caused by the timezone difference with our sponsor. Additionally, we have experienced technical difficulties with holding meetings over Google Hangouts, which has both wasted time, made us look unprofessional, and made communicating requirements more tedious. We will try to be more prepared before our next meeting with our sponsor.

Defining meaningful business objectives has also proved difficult for our team. Since this project is entirely hypothetical, we're having a difficult time effectively estimating what our project's primary goal is.
