---
layout: post
title: "Weeks 1 & 2"
date: 2016-09-04
---

# Status Report for Weeks 1 & 2

The past two weeks were mainly spent forming our team and establishing our project sponsor and idea.

We will be developing a mobile photo application designed to be standalone or integrable with another company’s application. The application will allow users to take photos and impose themed frames around them and share them through various social media channels. Example frames are seasonal (spring/summer break), life events (getting married), sponsored frames (company branding/product), location based, and more.

The application will have a data analytics component. Both native data analysis and integration with other data collection/analyzation tools such as Social Rank is required. The goal is to provide this information to sponsors/companies using this application to show success/failure of the app and overall branding campaign.

## What We Did

We met three times this week to discuss our potential sponsors and project ideas, and then we created questions for the sponsor about the project pitch we were given.

### Meetings

8-28-2016:

- Team Formation, Setup, Meeting Times, Processes, Tools (30 min)
- Project Ideas (5 min)

Attendance:

- Bill (35 min)
- Colton (35 min)
- Greg (35 min)
- Steven (35 min)

8-30-2016:

- Case Study Interview Questions (20 min)
- Finalized Project Sponsor & Idea (25 min)

Attendance:

- Bill (45 min)
- Colton (45 min)
- Steven (45 min)

8-31-2016:

- Case Study Requirements from Interview Questions (15 min)
- Project Description Analysis and Interview Questions (30 min)
- Started Writing Blog Post (15 min)

Attendance:

- Bill (60 min)
- Colton (60 min)
- Greg (60 min)
- Steven (60 min)

---

Meeting Agendas & Summaries

- Bill (20 min) (8-28-2016)
- Bill (10 min) (8-30-2016)
- Bill (10 min) (8-31-2016)

### Project

Set up Blog

- Bill (210 min) (8-28-2016)

Finish Blog Post & Publish It

- Bill (30 min) (9-4-2016)
- Colton (30 min) (9-4-2016)

## What We Will Do

### Project

- Meeting w/ Project Sponsor (Everyone) (Est. 480 min) (120 min for each person)
- Vision and Scope Document (Everyone) (Est. 720 min) (180 min for each person)

### Case Study

- Part 2: Stakeholders, Business Context, User Profiles (No Est. Yet)

## Challenges or Issues

We may have issues finding a suitable meeting time with each other and our project sponsor, since our project sponsor lives in California.

Until further inspection and requirements analysis, the architecture for our application may not be sufficiently difficult.
