---
layout: post
title: "Week 6"
date: 2016-10-02
---

# Status Report for Week 6

This week we worked on revising and writing our SRS document.

## What We Did

We revised our SRS based on feedback from our submission and sponsors, and continued to draft out sections that were not yet complete.

### Meetings

9-26-2016:

- Discussed Work Schedules & Potential Risks

Attendance:

- Bill (25 min)
- Colton (25 min)
- Steven (25 min)
- Greg (25 min)

10-2-2016:

- Assigned Remaining SRS Sections
- Reviewed and Revised Draft SRS
- Resolved Various TBD issues

Attendance:

- Bill (75 min)
- Colton (75 min)
- Steven (75 min)
- Greg (75 min)

---

Meeting Agendas & Summaries

- Bill (10 min) (9-29-2016)
- Bill (15 min) (10-2-2016)

### Project

Draft and Revise SRS

- Steven (30 min) (10-2-2016)
- Greg (30 min) (10-2-2016)
- Bill (30 min) (10-2-2016)
- Bill (30 min) (10-2-2016)

Write & Publish Blog Post

- Greg (40 min) (10-2-2016)

## What We Will Do

### Project

- Complete Use Case Document (Everyone) (Est. 300 min) (75 min for each person)
- Presentation/Lessons Learned  (Everyone) (Est. 240 min) (60 min for each person)
- Revise Draft SRS (Everyone) (Est. 240 min) (60 min for each person)

## Challenges and Issues

Our progress was delayed a bit this week because of Career Fair and several of our team members may not be available next weekend because of Columbus Day and interviews.
We are still running into some minor scheduling issues, caused by the timezone difference with our sponsor and our tight schedules.
It is also difficult for many of us to balance the work of this class with the responsibilities from other classes.
